Mary Kastner: Take care. Bye bye.
Talyssa: Bye.
Mary Kastner: What's going on.
Talyssa: Oh, I just went, oh my god, I'm gonna cry. Um,
Mary Kastner: No, I just
Talyssa: I've been trying to schedule appointments and last week actually just
Talyssa: To see if there's anything that you can do for
Talyssa: Like, not the regular anxiety, but like panic attacks.
Talyssa: Like
Talyssa: Well, that's the best way I could describe it, um,
Mary Kastner: What do you
Mary Kastner: Want right now.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you got that.
Mary Kastner: You got that.
Mary Kastner: You know, you got that.
Mary Kastner: Dance to try and it did that help you with your nausea.
Talyssa: Yeah, I just took when
Talyssa: I was getting nauseous.
Mary Kastner: So you so you just you think it's related to anxiety and panic.
Talyssa: The nausea. Yeah, I'm not
Mary Kastner: Very good at.
Talyssa: That time that I first asked. Oh, see, I can't even talk
Talyssa: Um, that I really did have a cold that we were all of us. Everyone was sick. But I noticed, like when I obviously get anxiety.
Talyssa: My hands like shaking. Oh my god, it's all sweaty and I started talking loud, I'm sorry if I'm yelling. Um, but yeah, I noticed when during the panic attacks that I've always I've always known that I just
Talyssa: I'm glad I had those
Talyssa: Are like the
Talyssa: Current ones.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: How often is this happening.
Talyssa: Um, well, recently, at least.
Three times a week.
Mary Kastner: And you're still, you're still having trouble sleeping, too. Right.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: How many hours you think you got last night.
Talyssa: Last night, specifically, maybe four, sometimes I do get more than that, but it's more that's more regular than sorry from I feel like I'm screaming at you.
Mary Kastner: Know you're not
Mary Kastner: Just gonna cry like
Talyssa: Yeah, you
Talyssa: Know I'm not really a crier.
Talyssa: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: In. Are you eating. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay. It looks like you have a cold sore you live.
Talyssa: Oh no, it's a it's a blood blister. Let me turn on the brightness. Sorry. It was a blood blister from my son in the middle of the night. It was all swollen and now that it went down to just turn darker like a scab.
Talyssa: But it was when it was swollen. When it first happened it was
Talyssa: puffy and read
Talyssa: I'm
Mary Kastner: Gonna do is to pop it
Talyssa: What do you know like a blood
Talyssa: blister.
Talyssa: What when you hit it.
Mary Kastner: How is it related to your son.
Talyssa: He he sleeps right here. So he he banged it in the middle.
Talyssa: The other night. Okay. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Do you get those very often.
Talyssa: That's my first one I think in my life.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you have any trouble breathing.
Talyssa: Um, maybe
Talyssa: Back up a little bit. Not normally right now. I feel like it but only because I know, I know you know whenever we talk I'm about to talk to someone, I get all
Talyssa: Like that you're not happy.
Mary Kastner: You're not having tightness in your chest or difficulty breathing.
Talyssa: I don't think so.
Talyssa: I feel okay. Now that you say it, but I know it's just my anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And are you eating. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Talyssa: Okay, for like it but even like I have to go to the dentist, just to explain like I get when I get my panic attacks I grind my teeth. I literally Cracked my feeling
Talyssa: That was covered wanna
Mary Kastner: Do you want me to give you a benzodiazepine just to take when you're really anxious or do you want to take something routinely like so loft.
Talyssa: Either one is fine. I don't really know.
Mary Kastner: Much about whether or not
Mary Kastner: You know together Penton you can take as you need it. So we might want to try this all off. It's used for anxiety as well as depression. It's a middle of the road kind of serotonin real take inhibitor
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: You have to do daily
Talyssa: That I could do that, um, does it help her like in the moment of panic attacks.
Mary Kastner: No.
Talyssa: Great, now
Mary Kastner: Yeah, we could give you some advantage of the in the moment panic attack.
Talyssa: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so which do you prefer.
Talyssa: Either whatever you think is, is better. I'm trying not to cry. Sorry. Keep trying not to look at you.
I'm
Mary Kastner: Sure you can make you a little sleepy.
Mary Kastner: It is addicting. There is a danger.
Mary Kastner: For a long period of time with the you've been working because
Mary Kastner: You know buprenorphine is fairly safe. However, the known deaths that they have had with it are people that are using a lot of benzodiazepines, which is what this is.
Mary Kastner: But I do have, I want to tell you probably have more people in my case load on the box on with the band. So right now, just because of what's going on in the world and people are so anxious
Talyssa: That's another thing I'm like snapping at people and like yelling at people.
Mary Kastner: I noticed
Talyssa: I like did it this was last week. That's why I wanted, I tried to get an appointment. I was like, Okay, maybe I do, obviously this is nothing new. But, um,
Talyssa: I don't know, maybe because we are home 24 seven. Um, but it's more like I get riled up not not really like a degree, but it's
Talyssa: It is like you know when you have two kids and they're like this and you're like, trying to like even see straight like I see blurry. Like, I'm going to pass out or something.
Talyssa: And then like when it happens, I can't, calm down for like three hours. It's crazy.
Mary Kastner: Okay, well let's give you added in same pharmacy that you've been going to
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: I'll ask Dr.
Mary Kastner: Content calling in.
Because
Mary Kastner: You know, they're still in quarantine away from my
Talyssa: Folder all these in
Mary Kastner: That's right. OK. OK. I WILL ASK HIM AND I'M SO SORRY THAT YOU'RE YOU HAD TROUBLE GETTING IN equipment. There's absolutely no
Talyssa: Real, real travel. I had her
Talyssa: Vehicle so
Talyssa: Okay, I know the when you lately they've all been getting a lot of calls and stuff probably everyone's trying to get their prescriptions in because the lockdown.
Mary Kastner: Yeah yeah
So,
Mary Kastner: Listen.
Mary Kastner: You could take up to twice a day. Hopefully you only needed like once or twice a week.
Talyssa: Yeah.
Talyssa: I'm just going to say that it's more every like three three or so days.
Talyssa: Usually it's like once every other week, but lately and I feel like I have a full blown fever. Now just getting piled up
Talyssa: But I, I know a lot of its mental. Well, at least you know people tell you that, but of course it's hard to except that
You know, it feels okay
Mary Kastner: Again, you know, keep this as well as your other medicine away from your children.
Oh, yeah.
Talyssa: Definitely
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I just texted him this
Mary Kastner: And what's your anxiety level right now.
Talyssa: Alright, have a 10 like an eight.
But
Mary Kastner: I know about depression.
Talyssa: Oh, not, not like a one. If I have to be on the scale. Oh. Can you finish my sentence.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good. And then
Mary Kastner: You have any any physical pain or any physical problems other than kind of nausea.
Talyssa: I'm not in general, I know specifically right now like my neck is shooting pain, but I'm like I'm so 10 stuff, but only because the anxiety.
Mary Kastner: So General. Okay.
Talyssa: I would say
Talyssa: Do what do you do
Mary Kastner: What do you get to do for the next you have a muscle, really, I
Talyssa: Don't do anything.
No.
Talyssa: My think my mom, I have my broken
Talyssa: I don't really take
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So what's, what's the number and the pain.
Talyssa: Like a
Talyssa: Like a six, but I'm trying to relax it
Talyssa: Um, I just bought these heating pallets. I could put one on my Mac. Oh.
Mary Kastner: That's cool.
Talyssa: Yeah, it's very much a work.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Talyssa: Yeah, I
Mary Kastner: Remember that the pen tool will help you with that. Okay. How often are you taking the Gabba Clinton.
Talyssa: Every night just want one time in a day.
Mary Kastner: Oh, one time during the day and one time during the night.
Talyssa: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Twice a day, you
Can
Mary Kastner: If you're paying is bad enough midday definitely taken another one.
Talyssa: Okay.
Mary Kastner: On this one for things and it food. Okay, my dear.
Talyssa: Okay, sorry.
Mary Kastner: Really
Mary Kastner: hurting yourself or anybody else.
Talyssa: No, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay. Thank you for checking in and you take care of yourself.
Talyssa: You too. Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Talyssa: Bye bye. Thank you. Bye.
Mary Kastner: Hello, Alex.
Mary Kastner: I can hear you.
Mary Kastner: I can hear you now. What's the name of that company that says, can you hear me now.
Alex: Oh, decrypt the phone commercial companies.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I can't remember. But yeah, that's what I feel like
Mary Kastner: So I'm Mary Kastner I think this first time to meet, isn't it.
Alex: I believe so. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'm a nurse practitioners psychiatry and you're calling from Walnut Creek.
Alex: I am. I'm sorry. You said you're
Alex: A boy in psychiatry.
Mary Kastner: Nurse Practitioner in psychiatry.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. So what can we do for you today.
Alex: Okay, so, um,
Alex: I've been on medication, my whole life.
Alex: And
Alex: You got a couple minutes for the background.
Mary Kastner: Say that again.
Alex: Do you have a couple minutes for the background.
Mary Kastner: I definitely have a couple of minutes for the background need the background.
Alex: Beautiful, just out of curiosity, what what what's the timeframe of this of our
Mary Kastner: Half an hour and a half an hour.
Alex: Okay, we only have 30 minutes. All right. Um,
Alex: Shoot, I mean,
Alex: How can I do this like the expedited version, um,
Alex: I always knew there was something different, like, I mean, I remember a being eight years old and just and being so fucking frustrated, to the point where I was just like,
Alex: Like sobbing hysterically because I knew in my mind that there is no fucking way in hell that anybody else around me is experiencing or feeling what I'm feeling in my head. Otherwise, a day would be going fucking crazy.
Alex: So I knew that there was something there was something wrong, but everybody around me. My parents are both private school headmaster's and so growing up, I always went to one of my mother's schools that she was the head of
Alex: To that, you know, can only imagine the amount of bullying that went along with that.
Alex: So they for a very long time, just you know 10 years old, I think, was the first time I told my mother. I want to step in front of a car, she said. She said, don't they still say things you don't mean like I was like, Mom, like
Alex: But I'm not like I'm not lying, I'm not trying to get attention like I really, I really like like everything and he wants me to jump in front of that car, and she smacked me across the face that she said, and
Alex: read verbatim we ever say those fucking words again, especially in public around other people swear to god like
Alex: didn't finish the sentence, but
Alex: I'm my mom was the good one to the to the bottom. I don't get me wrong. My parents were amazing. But they just went through their own versions of hell. Growing up, so their
Alex: Concept of love was making sure I had every opportunity and every financial freedom and like, and all the and by no means are we, Richard and everything, but like, you know,
Alex: I don't know if you know much about
Alex: Like Liberia and
Alex: Diamond wars and the genocide.
Alex: I hate asking this because it's so Hollywood. Have you seen the movie blood diamonds
Mary Kastner: Yes.
Alex: So my father was one of the children shot up with heroin taken from a village in Liberia.
Alex: Given an AK 47 and forced to slaughter hundreds of people
Alex: At like 12 years old and you know it took me a very long time. It wasn't till I was an
Alex: Adult I understood that once you see that kind of darkness in the world. You can't ever really
Alex: Truly be happy again.
Mary Kastner: But
Alex: My mom completely different story comes from Jersey but like your, your classic like
Drove
Alex: The father comes home.
Alex: To beat everybody like it just
Alex: Like your job to the t you know whatever was 70s, 80s, just so they all went through their own versions of hell. And because of that didn't
Alex: Know how to provide any level of intimacy were and and then here's me on the flip side of, like, the only thing in the world that I need right now is like intimacy and affection and
Alex: I know I remember growing up like one of my favorite things ever was, like, if they would scratch my back, like all I ever want every one of the news to scratch their back and touch me.
Alex: Like I did everything I want to apply all the stories I didn't, you know, pretty good. All of them all that but
Alex: One night 12 years old, my dad decided that he was gonna do it anymore and it like it really, really, really upset me and like I kind of, I even noticed
Alex: How upset. I got because in my head. I was thinking like, I don't, I don't want it like
Alex: The same kind of thoughts that maybe you want to jump from them for in front of a car in the first place. You know, like, I don't want to live like. But then, you know, after a couple hours. I kind of
Alex: I kind of like and analyze the way that I react in a realize that, wait, that's not rational. But I really felt that in the moment.
Alex: Meanwhile, I'm 12 years old right now so I'm confused as shit as to just everything that's going on, you know,
Alex: Literally, the next day in class, we're reading the curious into the dog in the nighttime. And my teacher asked some questions and I just put my hand up and call me and I'm and I say, so if we're all born alone right and
Alex: Supposedly, we have X amount of time to live. And then we are going to die alone and at any point in that given time something tragic can happen like a car accident.
Alex: And and that's it. It's just over. You don't even get to like, what's the, what's the point of it all really and
Alex: I got sent to the principal's office, which was my mother and I can, same, same.
Alex: They just really didn't they really just thought I was seeking attention for a very long time until the first suicide attempt. And then they started like kind of cash on. Sorry, I'm telling you, probably way more than you need some, like, I'm sorry.
Mary Kastner: No, you're fine. You're fine.
Alex: What information are you looking for, that's probably going to be more help normal
Mary Kastner: Just keep going, keep going.
Mary Kastner: So you're 12. And then what happened.
Alex: I just I blocked so so so much of all that out.
Mary Kastner: To join High School.
Alex: Um, well, my parents sent me away to boarding schools because I got into really good schools and they thought that that would be a great option. I got kicked out of the first two barely graduated from the third one. And my dad worked there, which is the reason why I graduated and
Mary Kastner: Why did you wait to get kicked out.
Alex: First time I tried marijuana and we didn't even call it a second time.
Alex: There was MDA my system. I'm like a random drug test or something. And the other one.
Alex: I was on the US national team when I was in high school, I went to prep schools in New England. So I don't know if you like know how it would work. Very often, but sometimes she will do what's called a post grad year which was like a second senior year.
Alex: Basically get better at sports to get a better scholarship, so
Alex: I had signed a contract with you. The North Northeastern University that if I did a post grad year
Alex: And worked worked with the local, you know, local, national team and Connecticut, then I could go on and row at Northeastern meanwhile I hated growing and was just a ticket to something I was really good at it.
Alex: And we're already nationals and I leave my bag right next to my buddies carcass. They told me to pick it up and apparently he ended up you know
Alex: dilly dallying around it, somebody found the bag and thought it looked curious and opened it and all of my prescriptions were in it. All of my prescriptions.
Alex: Like all in my name, all, all like it but like
Alex: Everything was in it. And the reason for that was we lived in New York and this day school that we went to was in Connecticut. So I was so used to having to transport my stuff back and forth.
Alex: Because that morning I had come from the studio and I was going to get on slate and we're building but Connor was going to bring it back the
Alex: My God, I haven't lived just
Alex: Fucking Connor was going to hold onto onto it for me for like seven days until I got back, and I mean you had, I had what
Alex: Like I had everything in there. I mean, I have my soul often them are identical in their head.
Alex: Out or extended release Adderall. I had regular Adderall. I had Xanax in there and to anybody. I mean, they were all in my name, and all the dates showed that like they were
Alex: You know, like it not, there were no discrepancies about anything but they still like they still just freaked out, because no one's ever seen that amount of authentication before and so
Alex: What whatever I got in trouble. We were best friends with the
Alex: Lifelong family friends with the headmaster of that school so
Alex: Anyway,
Alex: I don't know that the relevancy to that really I don't really know what it is.
Mary Kastner: But so you started taking those kind of prescription medicines when you were how what
Alex: What do you mean when you said what do you mean when you say, I'm sorry.
Mary Kastner: So alive Sonics add around. How old were you when you started those medicine.
Alex: So, I mean, they started me on Ritalin. When I was like 12 and then they moved to concert. A and then they move on to
Alex: Our all 10 milligram. And then eventually moved chatter all 2020 milligram, and then they try the X ours. I never liked the X ours, because they just they made me feel free to like tweaked out and it's just never worked for me.
Alex: And I already have ADHD and I have crazy anxiety as well.
Mary Kastner: Why did difficult
Alex: So the, the Depakote. It would be three, three times 500. I mean, the
Alex: I mean, it's a it's an anti seizure right is
Mary Kastner: Yes. So mood stabilizer.
Alex: Exactly. But he said, but doesn't have like mu stabilizing effects.
Alex: Yeah, so that's for the
Alex: Rapid cycling bipolar.
Alex: With
Mary Kastner: So you were diagnosed with bipolar.
Alex: Yeah, rapid cycling.
Alex: With borderline tendencies.
Mary Kastner: Okay, induce carry that diagnosis today.
Mary Kastner: Do I what do you still feel like you have that diagnosis.
Alex: Ya know, like it was like one once they finally got it right because they put me on so many different things. It was like well for me at first when somebody actually told me that there is something wrong. It was like it was
Alex: There was like
Alex: It, it was like, hallelujah, because I just I just felt there like the biggest cosmic cosmic mistake ever for the first 15 years of my life.
Alex: Uh huh. Yeah. And yeah, so
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: Xanax was for the anxiety of the deadline.
Alex: Yeah, I know. I like I get like very severe panic attacks as well.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you still get those
Alex: It there it's situational
Honestly,
Alex: So I've been. I've been a going into like a like a a tough time recently, I'm doing really well, but like, but it's
Mary Kastner: So right now, you're doing well.
Alex: I'm doing pretty well, but two nights ago I was on the kitchen floor with a knife to my neck like
Alex: Because, but that but like that hasn't happened in so long. But I think what I've realized, what's happening is because I was always on medications for so long that
Alex: Were numbing me in one way or another. And then, even though I stopped taking those I was then using something that was still numbing me one way or another.
So,
Mary Kastner: Are you do you have the national suicide hotline number
Mary Kastner: Yeah. And what what stopped you two nights ago from
Mary Kastner: SAP
Alex: Um, I would never do it. I haven't adopted younger brother.
Alex: And that wasn't with the intention of killing myself. Honestly, it's just like a
Mary Kastner: It's a younger brother keeps you going
Alex: Yeah, July 27 2013 we adopted my younger brother from Thailand technically he's my leg second cousins, but he's like I like raise that kid. He's my he's like my reason he's like my reason for everything.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, super, where are you living right now besides to live city. What are you going by yourself with your
Alex: Family. So my parents and I both live in Walnut Creek, but I do live in my own apartment by myself.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Alex: And then they live probably like 10 minutes away in a different part of
Alex: Walnut Creek.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And did you finish high school
Alex: Oh yeah, absolutely.
Mary Kastner: And then you did you go to northeastern
Alex: Oh no no no no that so the the whole I did, I did not want to that.
Alex: Okay, because
Alex: I truly hated the sport and
Mary Kastner: Did you go to college at all after
Alex: I've done some college I am
Alex: Two years into two, I have two years of credits worth at CBC I'm double double majoring in interpersonal communication and adolescent and developmental psychology
Wow.
Alex: I wrote my own personal training business as well. And I, and I just literally right before this lockdown happened I got hired at Ruth's Chris because I'm also a server.
Mary Kastner: Oh, cool.
Alex: That's so that's that's another thing to like my normal life is one thing but serving it gets so high stress sometimes like
Alex: And it's, it's, you know it to be honest with you. The reason why it's so because I would turn to things that wouldn't help the situation will put a bandaid on it like
Alex: Like, I'm like, I'm really good at serving I'm such an evil person all that. But then, like, you know what, when things go wrong. And then I get blamed, and then you know like suddenly it's a huge deal like
Alex: You know, just to be completely honest with you, like, I'd rather I'd run off to the bathroom and like find a way to like smoke heroin or like do it I like and I just and
Mary Kastner: It was a smoking heroin. No.
Alex: Oh hell no, no, I'm clean. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's no no
Alex: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And I don't want us are using any substance.
Alex: No, no, no, no.
Alex: Okay.
Mary Kastner: No. What kind of medications are you on
Alex: I'm so I'm not on any like mental health medication. Right now, I'm just on Suboxone
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you're on Suboxone okay it. When's the last time you had any hair or winter opiates.
Alex: It's been almost a month now.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Alex: Really
Alex: I really have it. I had no clue because I had taken Suboxone before but I had no clue. Like what, like, like how I it's incredible. I mean, it literally changed my life overnight.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and who put you on the Suboxone
Alex: Oh, I'm part of an IoT and intensive outpatient program. But I thought you worked for them.
Mary Kastner: I op with with what company.
Alex: It's called bright heart.
Mary Kastner: Oh yeah, yeah, I'm very hard. Yeah. Okay super.
Mary Kastner: So they sent you to me, probably for the psychiatric evaluation is what I'm thinking. What do you do some
Mary Kastner: On Suboxone
Alex: What I had told Dr fake was that I really like to get back on my medications, because
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Mary Kastner: What you don't send Suboxone
Alex: I'm
Alex: Allowed to take up to two and a half strips, but I use blooded usually take about a strip the day I tried to do that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then you're
Mary Kastner: Going to 888 milligrams a day.
Mary Kastner: You're going to groups right
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay.
Alex: Also by the way, I also see my own personal out of pocket therapist that I have been waiting for three years. He's super
Alex: He's such an amazing human being, feel free to get in contact with him. His name is Dr. Dan Peters. He is the head of the summit center in Walnut Creek.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Did you sign us. Did you sign us a release of information for him.
Alex: Um, I feel like I did.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'll check. I'll have somebody call you if we don't have it. So, um, as far as what we call target symptoms.
Mary Kastner: And what I would like to ask you is, what's the biggest symptom like number one. I'm curious, how many hours are you sleeping at night.
Alex: So sleep is a very is a very hard one for me. So some so like
Alex: And and it definitely depends which way I'm going you know it's it's weird. It's almost like I'm like really getting used to my emotions. I'm very, you know, I'm a
Alex: I like to consider myself an intellectual, you know, according to Neo paganism classification, I would call myself a philosopher i like i mean
Alex: Clearly, there's the ADHD. I'm sorry. I lost my train of thought, but
Mary Kastner: How many hours of sleep. Do you get a night.
Alex: It really depends, but I can stay up for like five days straight and and and like I said I didn't sleep last night. I haven't slept.
Alex: Yeah, honestly, I was sleeping recently was I used to be prescribed both Sarah cool and tries to don't and I found a couple of those and an old bottle.
Mary Kastner: So, okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, well, of all the meds. YOU'VE BEEN ON WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE TO RESTART
Alex: The one combination that like really that really, really, really worked and that that was like good for me, but I'm, I'm a little bit know everybody not going to do that right now. Okay. Yeah, there was a combination that really, really worked for me and I'd love to stick with that.
Mary Kastner: What is it
Alex: It's 100 milligrams of Zoloft
Alex: Okay 1500 milligrams of Depakote.
Alex: Yeah, I'm
Alex: You know Seroquel it like it's great because it really does knock me out, but it makes me pretty groggy, the next day.
Mary Kastner: Who. Mm hmm.
Alex: So I think I prefer trouser john because it's a little less intense
Alex: But okay, I but like if without
Mary Kastner: I would agree with you on that. Okay, because
Alex: I'm trying to avoid something that's that's like a narcotic sleepy like
Mary Kastner: Last time you took all that
Alex: When's the last time I took Ambien
Mary Kastner: Know all of those medicines that you just said you liked
Alex: It. I liked. Oh, the what the Sarah quill and travel down
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Alex: It's not that I like them. It's just that.
Mary Kastner: I mean, you knew that they worked
Alex: Oh, yeah. Yeah, exactly. When's the last time I used one probably like five months ago.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And when you took this Depakote. Did you take it through today or just at bedtime.
Alex: No, I take everything all at once in the morning.
Mary Kastner: Depakote to
Alex: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And how about
Alex: This
Alex: Other side. The other side crisis was a little bit surprised by that, too. But he thought that since I'm so like and might actually help mellow me out a little bit and so
Mary Kastner: Did you take the transit on when you were on it.
Alex: Oh no. That would be like at night like one
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. OK. This is helpful. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Right now. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Go ahead.
Alex: Sorry. So yeah, I am. I am also in school and
Alex: The Adderall and the Xanax, like, especially because I'm about. So I don't know. Do you know what routes Chris's
Mary Kastner: Yes.
Alex: Okay, so I just got hired by them and there's like this. This is the best job I've ever got. But I've already like I've already had to panic attacks over it. I'm so excited for it, but like, but like I but it's just, it's, it's like a how
Mary Kastner: Do you, do you want to add a row for this school and for work.
Alex: You. Oh, absolutely. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you're like the regular release better
Alex: Yeah, it's, it was 30 milligrams of that. Yeah. Yeah, please.
Mary Kastner: You like 30
Alex: Yeah, please.
Mary Kastner: OK. OK. So I'm going to talk to our transcriptionist right now in front of you so that you know
Mary Kastner: What I'm what she's going to be writing up in a note and I can clarify, you know that I have a correct from you. Okay, so stop and get you to clarify. So this is outstanding Mirza. This is an interesting last night name or so. Is that a was
Mary Kastner: Lebanese okay he's 25 year old patient, doctor fig refer to us for psychiatric worked up he's giving me of chief complaint of a life long
Mary Kastner: History of just feeling like he wasn't normal
Alex: Was like tonight.
Alex: Can you actually I've tried to kill myself 23 times
Mary Kastner: I'm like, I would I would more put it like from the day that I was born, up until I was 23
Alex: Every single day, the only goal of the day was to make it to the end of the day, because I did not want to be alive.
Alex: For any. The only reason that I wouldn't do it is because I would hurt my family, but I literally for every single day of my life that I ever spent breathing wanted to be dead. I wanted nothing to do with this earth. I felt
It.
Mary Kastner: I have that you were hospitalized once for you hospitalized more than that.
Alex: I yes I we just, I just made sure it was kept offering though. I mean, the one thing that you see on there is, though, is the
Alex: Which you can't really get that but like they blew my respect together like I've, I've taken. What did I take I
Alex: Found like somebody collections of the 80 milligram oxy cotton, I took 29 of them and hike five miles out into the woods where my boarding school was collapsed for four days and walked back and nobody even realize I was gone.
Alex: But according to Google that should have killed an elephant, but
Mary Kastner: Anyway, okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: So the life
Mary Kastner: Of suppression and numerous include when he says 23 times of trying to kill himself and has been hospitalized in 5153 days.
Alex: But
Mary Kastner: You heard you heard a little bit about his social backgrounds father had extreme trauma as a child, his mother's father was abusive.
Mary Kastner: They tried their best with giving him what he what they what they thought he needed and being
Mary Kastner: Being
Mary Kastner: carrying it, but he felt that some of the touch kind of
Mary Kastner: Behavior stopped when he was in his preteens and that disturbed him. He has a history of diagnosis of bipolar disorder rapid cycling with borderline tendencies ADHD anxiety with panic and he has a history of being on Zoloft data raw regular and extended release antics Depakote religion.
Mary Kastner: tries it on
Alex: The only one that was wrong is not never been extended release NX
Mary Kastner: Because if I
Mary Kastner: If I realized
Mary Kastner: I said, add a row. Yeah.
Alex: Okay, ya know, so
Mary Kastner: I don't know.
Mary Kastner: It's relational he had some college two years credit BBC and inner personal
Mary Kastner: Communications and adolescent
Mary Kastner: Personal psychology
Mary Kastner: He's got an offer to work with criticism. Imagine a waiter. He also has a personal training.
Mary Kastner: Practice.
Mary Kastner: Is curious just curious was on
Mary Kastner: Showing 321 19 Xanax in three weeks amphetamine salts his pre BAM show
Mary Kastner: That's the national registry for controlled substances.
Alex: But we
Mary Kastner: Know, we don't have it for this year, we just have it for
Mary Kastner: Last year,
Alex: What would it, what would it. What would 19 what were those numbers.
Mary Kastner: In March, you got your Fadiman salts and Xanax
Alex: Oh yeah, no.
Alex: So the only band history shows the motivation of
Mary Kastner: 28 which is low and deadlines 16 which is high, taking steps 32 which is minimum use is five verse 13 protective factors 14 he had depression and insomnia.
Mary Kastner: At that time of the intake, he was using alcohol had history of alcohol, cocaine opiates over 16 days a month, putting us das 10 score at nine audit see it zero.
Mary Kastner: His psychiatrist or therapists through the summit center is Dan Peters and we will get an ROI and get records from him an appointment with him on 320 and did not get to see him.
Mary Kastner: It wasn't no short that time, but he's here today very willing to get some assistance, especially in getting back on his medications that he found helpful so off 100 difficult 1500 both taken in the morning tries it on at bedtime and arrow regular reach 30 milligrams this target symptoms.
Mary Kastner: Go for days without
Mary Kastner: Sleep grandiose
Mary Kastner: Thought circumstantial to tangential speech he has had suicidal.
Mary Kastner: ideation with attempt, but he has no plan really to complete it is
Mary Kastner: No one I stay alive. This is Dr. Younger brother.
Alex: So I also had like I had a I had like an entire life changing experience. I doubt. I doubt you know what diamonds will trip demean is DMC but
Alex: I went to South America and I met a shaman and he took me into the forest, and I did the like the world's strongest psychedelic, and essentially it's a near death experience and it lasts about 20 hours in it.
Alex: It makes you feel like you die over and over and over and over and over again. And I came out of that a completely different person. So now,
Alex: So like, that's who I was. For the first 25 years of my life. And now on this person that like I think it's just so beautiful, because I want to live and I want it.
Alex: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: But in and I do any of those
Alex: Things I have to deal with these things that I know are issues that will get in my way, such as
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Alex: My inability to focus my panic attacks my you know my moods going up and down, me being manic and then me being depressed and and the fact that I can switch from from wanting to marry somebody to wanting to kill somebody, and literally a millisecond like
Mary Kastner: Okay. And those are continued to be target symptoms inability to focus panic attacks and would you say
Mary Kastner: Rapid cycling or
Mary Kastner: Attached yeah it's just
Mary Kastner: Literally, I could really change. Oh.
Alex: Here's what, here's what it's like when I'm on a medication. I'm walking down the street right a beautiful girl smiles at me.
Alex: It feels like I'm on. I'm on ecstasy, like I'm, I'm in love, like it's the best feeling in the fucking world. I can then look at the next person. And if he looks like he wants to fight me. I want to, like, like all of a sudden, just like that.
Mary Kastner: Like it's like what she made
Alex: Up was never
Mary Kastner: Very extremely
Alex: I just want to fucking i want to i would want to
Mary Kastner: Heal so right now we have four minutes.
Mary Kastner: Left he's on medication Suboxone eight to one to two strips a day is an I. O. P. At the church with Dr fig.
Mary Kastner: So any medical problems.
Mary Kastner: Alex that I didn't mention is that okay if I call you, Alex, or would you rather be Alexander
Alex: Yeah no absolutely I just wanted to clarify, because I did you listed out the medications, but the, I think you forgot the Xanax
Mary Kastner: No, I have it down.
Alex: Okay. Beautiful. Okay. One milligram or have
Alex: No, it's no no. So it's, it's too. It's too milligrams, I can check the bottle of what, what would he do on the last one. It was there's two milligrams and it was. Oh, he would do 61 or 30 or 30 No wait, no, hold on.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I have it 30 at a time for 30 days. So this one a day PRN as you need it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, yes, you needed is period.
Mary Kastner: So I just want to finish.
Mary Kastner: The left
Alex: Or the right
Mary Kastner: Do you have any
Mary Kastner: Problems that I need to know about Alex any any health problems trouble with your lungs or with your heart trouble with your skin, your vision, your hearing stomach.
Mary Kastner: Any constipation.
Alex: No. Actually, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, and your family history do you have anybody in your family that had bipolar illness or ADHD.
Alex: Stuff definitely flows in my jeans. You know, it's definitely in there. Um,
Alex: I don't really I don't really know. I couldn't really give you some specifics as a
Mary Kastner: Date. Does your mother had parents brothers or sisters, aunts and uncles that have bipolar.
Alex: Illness. I mean, my, my dad's mom, my dad, my mother's father
Alex: killed himself.
Alex: Okay with opiates.
Alex: Okay.
Alex: And apparently was was an alcoholic his entire life.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And do you use any alcohol yourself.
Alex: Know that, and that's the thing. That's what I was gonna, I was gonna that's the one thing is I'm really not a drinker. And here's the other
Alex: Here's the other. Here's the other
Mary Kastner: Delicious, because I really have to get to the next patient. And I want you to have your medicine. Okay. Your father's father or mother or aunts and uncles brothers and sisters, they have bipolar illness journey psychiatric problems.
Alex: Not to my knowledge, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay okay and and you know brothers healthy and he's adopted.
Alex: My little brother's healthy. I mean,
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Alex: Yeah, the ADHD. But that's it.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And do you have any family members with any medical problems.
Alex: Yeah, my dad has a really, really, really bad heart.
Mary Kastner: Okay, heart disease,
Alex: quadruple bypass as well.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and in your anybody else.
Alex: No, that's it.
Mary Kastner: And you have no heart problems. No. Okay. And have you had any surgeries.
Mary Kastner: Nope. OK and OK, so my assessment is I would go with your bipolar Rapid. Rapid cycling with borderline tendencies, your anxiety with panic disorder, ADHD,
Mary Kastner: And we're going to start you on Xanax two milligrams one a day as you need it. Not daily if you don't need it.
Alex: No, I actually
Mary Kastner: So lost in the morning 100 milligrams Depakote please start at 500 and then within a week. If you want to work up to the 1500 deaths. Okay. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Don't 52 hours before you go to bed at around 31 in the morning on the day of school or work.
Alex: Yes, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay, so I'll get those ordered for you. I want you to
Alex: Be in a week, so
Mary Kastner: Call back into the zoom room.
Mary Kastner: Into the front desk set an appointment for me in a week. Make sure you have your ROI sign for Dr. Peters and I'll ask them for the records.
Alex: Okay, I'm questions. So the once they stops every, every, every one of my days is because a Ruth Chris only hires full time. So every one of my days is going to be school
Alex: And then work. So I'm going home.
Alex: From 12 to 12
Mary Kastner: Okay, so we'll get that order for you to take daily
Mary Kastner: Yeah, now you know the symptoms, you're
Mary Kastner: Very bright, you know, your symptoms if any of these tick off mania.
Alex: I'm sorry.
Mary Kastner: If any of these medications start you in more of a manic episode. You have to let us know.
Alex: What are you referring to any any of
Mary Kastner: These medications, except the Depakote.
Alex: Can do that. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so
Mary Kastner: You know, since you've been on it. I'm going to start it, but if you want. It's nice. You can start one for a couple days and start the next one.
Mary Kastner: Usually, don't start it all at once. But if it's not working for you. You need it. You really feel like you need it every day. We'll have a watch out for, and symptoms of mania.
Mary Kastner: hypersexual talking too much making decisions that are that are irresponsible not finishing test Tony Tony leaping
Alex: You're saying these could be side to side effects of
Mary Kastner: Any of the medicines when you start in can cause mania, you have to start slowly, but it seems like you're anxious to get it going, quicker. So I'm going to give them to you and let you paste them out. If you can, you know, like starting
Mary Kastner: Next worse.
Mary Kastner: Than making a Depakote. Then a couple of days or a week later, the Zoloft
Mary Kastner: tries it on at bedtime, you know, get your Depakote you med your mood stable on board first. It will protect your brain its neuroprotective when you
Alex: When you say on board for, what does that mean on
Mary Kastner: Putting it in your mouth and taking it daily. That means on the board of your body. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'll see you in a week. And thank you for being so thorough
Alex: Of course, just
Mary Kastner: What pharmacy. Do you go to
Mary Kastner: CVS.
Alex: That's usually what I go to, but they were out of the box in last time. So I don't, I don't know if they're going to have these, you might
Mary Kastner: We might need to call ya know
Alex: Yes. Okay.
Alex: My love, I love, I just wanted to verify, though.
Alex: So it's gonna it's 30 search for line. Are you doing 90 or you're doing 30 of the
Mary Kastner: Getting started
Alex: Okay, if
Alex: I need
Alex: Me.
Alex: Okay, we can we make changes if we need to, in a week.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you're gonna call me. You're going to call in today make an appointment.
Alex: Okay. Um, so are you calling in those prescriptions.
Mary Kastner: Yes, sir.
Alex: Okay, thank you so much.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Bye bye.
Alex: I appreciate your time.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I appreciate you being so thorough
Mary Kastner: Yeah, of course. Bye bye. Bye.
Alex: So it's it's 60 660 Euros. It's 30
Mary Kastner: Hi, Michel
mitchell umansky: Yo,
Mary Kastner: Can you hear me right yes I can. Can you hear me.
mitchell umansky: Yeah, I can hear you.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, so this is a
Mary Kastner: Looks like it's we've got a half an hour, a little bit less to do what I need to do for you. So tell me, I'm a little confused why you're here. My name is Mary Kastner I'm a nurse practitioner and psychiatry. Um, what can we do for you today.
mitchell umansky: Okay so currently right now I'm in a residential treatment center inpatient I've been here before. In the years ago I did 30 days.
mitchell umansky: I have a court mandate for 90 days of rehab. Right. And these guys, they work with people who are on medication assisted treatment, like so. I still go to bright heart. I still
mitchell umansky: Go to group, you know, every Thursday I still take my medications prescribed from by heart. I see the doctors that
Mary Kastner: I'm still waiting. After you see
mitchell umansky: Dr. PACHTER
Mary Kastner: And how do you spell his last name.
mitchell umansky: David PACHTER I think it's spelled P. A. K. T. Er, I believe.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and he's got you on medication.
mitchell umansky: Yes, he's got me on Suboxone
How much
Mary Kastner: Mitchell you froze what's going on. Hi. It froze. What's the medication. He sketch on Suboxone
mitchell umansky: And hear you right now.
Mary Kastner: Oh, you can
mitchell umansky: Now I can now.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay, so how much Suboxone or you one.
mitchell umansky: I am on a strip one straight eight milligram
Mary Kastner: Okay, one strip a day and you're going to groups. Okay, keep going. So what can I do for you.
mitchell umansky: So I'm having trouble with my insurance. Uh, so they covered the first week. Right. And it's very strange because they've covered me before for this program.
mitchell umansky: And what they're saying is, and I went through so many doctors that came in the facility to try to help me with this manner, but
mitchell umansky: I don't know, I feel like they weren't doing it correctly because they were just doing it on a piece of paper and it wasn't
mitchell umansky: Verifiable. At least that's what they said. So pretty much, they denied me right and I'm trying to appeal because I you know I have no choice. I have to do 90 days in a rehab, but
mitchell umansky: I'm trying to get at least if I can't get 90 in this rehab maybe at least 30 and then I'll jump to another place, if I have to.
mitchell umansky: But it doesn't make sense if they don't cover this why they would they cover the other. But anyways, I'm trying to get a psychiatric evaluation, right, pretty much a recommendation for treatment. They called it a psychiatric evaluation.
Mary Kastner: What's the name of the insurance company.
mitchell umansky: I have Blue Cross PPO
Mary Kastner: Blue Cross Blue Shield. Okay. Okay, and what's the name of your residential center.
mitchell umansky: It's called positive progressions, they've covered it.
Mary Kastner: Where's where's that
mitchell umansky: City.
Mary Kastner: San Jose Santa positive progression.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, how many days. Have you been there.
mitchell umansky: I've been here since the eighth of
Mary Kastner: January.
mitchell umansky: Sorry, this March eight, I'm sorry.
Mary Kastner: My case. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And why are you in residential care.
mitchell umansky: Because I had a very, I had a very hard time getting off benzodiazepines and stimulants.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how much we're taking
mitchell umansky: Um, as far as the stimulus. Go and probably like, I don't know, like
mitchell umansky: Two three grams a day something like it depends on my tolerance. It was very versatile. It was very
Mary Kastner: What we taking what kind of stimulant.
Mary Kastner: Methamphetamine and
For the
Mary Kastner: Were you smoking it
mitchell umansky: No idea.
Mary Kastner: Okay IV math two to three grams a day when so last use
mitchell umansky: A long time it was, I want to say.
mitchell umansky: Probably like the seventh or sixth
mitchell umansky: Of what what came into treatment of this month.
Mary Kastner: Ok ok and Vance us what we taking
mitchell umansky: The Bends was I was taking a lot of different kinds. I was taking eating the lamb. A lot of designer bags, those as well. So it is a lamb. I'll present lamb.
mitchell umansky: Pretty much any benzo I could get my Klonopin the two milligrams Plata pins for a while and pretty much any of them, you know, extended the extended release ones. The short acting ones.
Mary Kastner: And how much about a day we taking
mitchell umansky: A lot i was i was it's hard to gauge it because when I was taking a lot. I was taking a designer benzo so I was taking roughly like six milligrams of eats his Alam a day if you know what it is a lamb is
Mary Kastner: No, I don't.
mitchell umansky: I guess that's comparable to like a maybe like four threes annex bars.
Mary Kastner: And how did you take that by mouth or
mitchell umansky: Orally and I would also do me. OK, I will do Orly but I would also with these designer lenses, I would buy it in powder form get propylene glycol use water with it to, you know, prevent acid Josias and I would put it in my shots, if I was doing another drug and I
Mary Kastner: Need him at
mitchell umansky: Times because of it.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
mitchell umansky: It's my last chance I'm 25 up my insurance runs out next year, it's like really a cry for help. Right now, you know,
Mary Kastner: Why did he put you in Suboxone
mitchell umansky: Because I got off methadone and I transfer to Suboxone i i first always tried to go to a program to like completely get off opiates and it never worked. It always cause more problems.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Were you
mitchell umansky: Um, I think the highest I was ever on was about
mitchell umansky: Trying to remember this was a while ago I was on it for a couple years, but this was years ago and
mitchell umansky: Think i don't think i went ever higher than 100 milligrams
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay, so tell me what led you to the methadone and
Mary Kastner: What we using
mitchell umansky: It was from August heroin and I just wanted to. I wanted to end it all. But I needed. I knew I couldn't do it with complete abstinence because I tried. I've been a lot of treatment centers, a lot of jail, like all that but all the institutions, you know,
mitchell umansky: Keep rockin
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have any sequel lead from the oldest IV drug use was a heroin I be
mitchell umansky: As well, yes.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. OK, so
Mary Kastner: The water soluble.
Mary Kastner: tested for HIV, hepatitis.
mitchell umansky: Yes I tested in jail.
mitchell umansky: Yeah a lot recently. When I was in there. I was
Mary Kastner: Any, any positive finding
mitchell umansky: Oh no, all
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, okay. So, um, any psychiatric symptoms that you know lead to use. Do you think sounds like you were pretty young man when you started using
mitchell umansky: Yeah, I started using hard drugs like 14 but I started either being 15 very young in Santa Cruz, that's kind of, it's, it's all over there. That's why and
mitchell umansky: Pretty much.
Mary Kastner: I don't know. Wait.
mitchell umansky: I had a good upbringing for my family. But I think it's like from it's something in me. It's like depression and anxiety and maybe I don't know my doctor was saying maybe I'm bipolar because oh I forgot to tell you, I take Seroquel as well. Forget it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. Once you don't send that
mitchell umansky: Only 25 I take it at night.
Mary Kastner: I actually tapering down from it because I
mitchell umansky: Didn't like the weekend.
Mary Kastner: What's your mood right now 10 being the worst depression, you've ever had. Where would you put it
mitchell umansky: Maybe like a seven six, you know,
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how about anxiety.
mitchell umansky: Like a seven, eight, you know, I'm really worried. I got a lot of things going on.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you have panic attacks.
mitchell umansky: I have in the past. Yes.
Mary Kastner: It was the last time you had a panic attack.
Um,
mitchell umansky: I want to say maybe like eight months ago.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what kind of sentence, do you have when you have
mitchell umansky: racing thoughts, you know, my heart rates beating very fast, or at least I imagine it to be. That's
mitchell umansky: It's not really beating
Mary Kastner: Us.
mitchell umansky: Because it's safe. That's what I heard down and they'll go away but
mitchell umansky: It feels real. I don't know. It just feel it feels like I would I would imagine a heart attack. I don't know.
Mary Kastner: You feel like you need trouble breathing feel like
mitchell umansky: My chest kind of gets you know
mitchell umansky: Feels like there's weight on my chest and
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Thing is
mitchell umansky: I don't know, I feel kind of dissociated whenever it happens.
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have the other kind of dissociative experiences.
mitchell umansky: I'm not sure. I mean, I, I've used dissociative drugs, but I never like ketamine and stuff like
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, but not normally without drugs.
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have any kind of paranoia.
mitchell umansky: No, not really. I mean,
mitchell umansky: Just standard just anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Do you feel like the TV has special messages. So people couldn't read your mind.
Mary Kastner: No, no, hear things or see things
mitchell umansky: No, not, not unless under
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Have you had any suicidal thoughts.
mitchell umansky: Yeah, but not never acted on it. I never. It was always just things that would, you know, I guess not. Not impactful in my head just kind of, you know, it has gone through my head before
You know, in a bad mood.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any need to water things in a Certain Way or certain way, walk a certain way.
mitchell umansky: Yeah, yeah, I'm very OCD.
Mary Kastner: Okay, OCD symptoms. Tell me about it.
mitchell umansky: Everything I have to put a certain way, if I spin around half to unwind, that kind of thing.
mitchell umansky: Like the way I walk my posture and I'm very, like, it's also kind of with insecurity. It's like, oh,
mitchell umansky: I guess I moved my my people say, Move my jaw kind of weird like, I'll be like, I don't know. I think I'm trying to manipulate the way my facial structure looks I guess you could say it's all
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay any any obsessive thinking
mitchell umansky: Yeah, I mean, I've been obsessing over this. I'm very worried you know because they're trying to give me prison time and I, you know, it's like a lot to juggle right now. And now I'm dealing with, you know, this insurance thing and it's very
Mary Kastner: I didn't add any other obsessive things what we call intrusive thoughts that you didn't invite
mitchell umansky: Um, yeah, I mean all the time. I have so much going on that I always think of the worst scenario to prepare for it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you think of the worst thing.
mitchell umansky: Yeah, for sure. I get the
Mary Kastner: Feeling of doom.
mitchell umansky: Yeah, I mean especially right now. I feel like I'm being squeezed. You know, I have all the case.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And then I had any trouble sleeping, getting to sleep staying asleep waking up to her right
mitchell umansky: Yeah, last night I did because I was a I was nervous about this, you know,
Mary Kastner: And how many hours you should get on interrupted.
mitchell umansky: And interrupted. Um, maybe like six to eight.
Mary Kastner: Okay, yeah.
mitchell umansky: If I get good sleep. That's my good sleep.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And how's your appetite.
mitchell umansky: That's alright, that's alright.
mitchell umansky: That's it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. Don't ever last week that you didn't plan on losing game that you didn't plan on using make yourself to go with
mitchell umansky: Your family fibroid. I have a thyroid issue. So I go through that all the time.
Mary Kastner: I go, okay.
mitchell umansky: All the time, like insane amounts to.
Mary Kastner: And you take medicine for your thyroid
mitchell umansky: No, no.
Mary Kastner: So do you think it's a low thyroid
mitchell umansky: I had a blood test, they said there was something growing there like a, what's it called when the cancer that's not you know nothing to worry about.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
mitchell umansky: And I also have, what's it called, I have a the fast.
mitchell umansky: But at the levels aren't so bad.
Mary Kastner: You have the way what's
mitchell umansky: Called the hyper, the one that's fast, you lose weight.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
mitchell umansky: Okay, but, uh, but my levels aren't so bad. It's not worth it.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever had surgery.
mitchell umansky: Yes, I had surgery. I don't know if you see I broke my arm and I broke this arm.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So it looks like on your wrist.
mitchell umansky: Oh my growth play. Yeah, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey. I'm
Mary Kastner: Any medical history of it and the thyroid problem.
Mary Kastner: Heart problems lung problems frequent bronchitis pneumonia skin problems vision problems as you wear glasses.
mitchell umansky: Yeah vision.
Mary Kastner: Hearing seems to be good enough to gum problems swallowing.
mitchell umansky: Just my, my stomach. I guess there's some unknown issue that I'm currently trying to just trying to fix.
Mary Kastner: With my son. What is it, what's going on.
mitchell umansky: Just like blood in the stool and stuff like that.
mitchell umansky: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And how are they checking now.
mitchell umansky: I'm not sure I haven't, I haven't done it yet, but I, I brought it to the attention of my family so
mitchell umansky: But right now I'm focused on
mitchell umansky: A new treatment and
Mary Kastner: Yeah, in
mitchell umansky: This is my last, you know,
Right.
mitchell umansky: And I
Mary Kastner: Tell me a little bit about your high school years. Did you finish high school
mitchell umansky: Yes, yes, I'm a computer science major.
Mary Kastner: Okay, it did you finish college
mitchell umansky: No, I'm currently in college.
Mary Kastner: Yeah what college
mitchell umansky: I'm out West Valley, but I'm about to transfer. I have two classes left
mitchell umansky: Okay restoration slowed me down.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any pending legal issues other than the current presidential mandate.
mitchell umansky: No, just that.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
mitchell umansky: I'm facing though prison.
Mary Kastner: Time. How many okay and you have the relationship
mitchell umansky: No, no, no, girl.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and no no children.
Mary Kastner: Children. Okay, and you have parents, siblings,
mitchell umansky: Yeah, I have both my parents are together they live, I live with them and older brother and my sister is the oldest
Mary Kastner: Okay and and how she relationship with all of them.
mitchell umansky: Very good. They're very supportive. You know they're they're just as worried you know they want
mitchell umansky: Okay, really want me to get this
mitchell umansky: Foreign so they don't really know how this stuff kind of works.
Mary Kastner: Oh, where are they from
Mary Kastner: Russia. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Good you emigrate when you were smaller
mitchell umansky: Yeah, I was born in Canada.
mitchell umansky: Montreal. I lived in Canada for a bit and then we moved to America.
Mary Kastner: How old were you when you're in
mitchell umansky: Russia.
Mary Kastner: Oh, OK.
mitchell umansky: I speak it, but I never been there.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how old were you when you move from Canada.
mitchell umansky: Believe I was like six
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have any friends.
mitchell umansky: Yeah, I have friends.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you can maintain a relationship with the
mitchell umansky: Yeah, I've had hope.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any sexual dysfunction at all.
No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: You're saying that you kind of are more anxious and depressed. You have history of some panic.
Mary Kastner: So you don't really have any particular fears or social anxiety, do you, I mean you go out meet
Mary Kastner: People get to class. Okay.
mitchell umansky: I get a little bit social anxiety. You know, like, but it's like normal stuff.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: OK. So I'm going to write this up and
Mary Kastner: You're on Seroquel bit time to sleep. It's the only medication you have hypothyroidism.
mitchell umansky: Box on, sir.
Mary Kastner: And you
Mary Kastner: You really haven't
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
mitchell umansky: What circle Suboxone and gabapentin. Those are the three medication.
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay. What's the dosage me Gabba Penton
mitchell umansky: I take 404 times a day.
Mary Kastner: And what's the reason for that.
mitchell umansky: I have nerve pain from all the bones are broken, and also just I escaped board. So I have my ankles are messed up and also for my anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Okay, it's perfect for anxiety. Okay, perfect for anxiety. Yeah, so you could plan.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I'm gonna figure out how to write this stuff so
Mary Kastner: So that your insurance will see the importance of your continuing treatment, um,
Mary Kastner: I don't know really what I'd say for diagnosis right now, other than
Mary Kastner: You know, the, the hyperthyroidism can contribute to the anxiety.
Mary Kastner: And of course the impending legal issues can contribute. So it could be, you know, an adjustment disorder.
Mary Kastner: With with anxious mood.
mitchell umansky: A doctor bipolar because my my crimes are all violent. It's always me fighting someone on the street and it's not. And it's not like I don't remember them though I'm blacked out I don't act like this when I'm it sober, but black
mitchell umansky: Down i get i get violent. I don't know why not I would never do this stuff. I would do blacked out, you know, I'm not a fighter.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: Right now, do you have racing thoughts.
mitchell umansky: Yeah, I mean, I'm nervous. You know, I want to. I'm really I don't know what to do if I if I don't get an insurance covered here. You know what I mean, like,
mitchell umansky: I guess I could try another program, but it's like it's
mitchell umansky: Hard for me to find programs that allow me to continue my bright heart health, you know, my Suboxone treatment as well.
mitchell umansky: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so talking to a little bit to the transcriptionist here.
Mary Kastner: I would give Mr Mitchell umansky diagnosis.
Mary Kastner: Holly substance use disorder.
Mary Kastner: Adjustment disorder with anxious mood hyperthyroidism hypothyroidism.
Mary Kastner: And stressing the formulation that it is imperative that he continuous residential treatment.
Mary Kastner: From which he is legally mandated
Mary Kastner: In order to
Mary Kastner: Promote his continued abstinence of illicit substances.
Mary Kastner: Which in the past have led him to
Mary Kastner: blackout become violent
mitchell umansky: Overdose overdosed when
Lead
Mary Kastner: And lead him to overdose several times, causing near death experiences. He. Do you have suicidal thoughts right now.
mitchell umansky: No, no.
Mary Kastner: Not really. Okay. Okay.
Mary Kastner: He is
mitchell umansky: I have thought of that, you know,
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You guys had a suicidal.
Mary Kastner: quantic suicidal ideation and has had chronic
Mary Kastner: Depression in
Mary Kastner: Anxiety and I would guess I would also give him a pervasive.
Mary Kastner: Persistent depressive disorder diagnoses and the plan will be that he would continue with a Suboxone is Sarah, quote, but time is gabapentin 404 times a day for his anxiety and it's neuropathy.
Mary Kastner: And that's another diagnosis. You could put in there sooner apathy from accidental fractures and and you said, also, you kind of had foot pain from what
Mary Kastner: Mitchell.
mitchell umansky: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: If you're gabapentin is for foot pain. Did you say
mitchell umansky: My nerve pain, my, my feet. You know, I, my ankles are messed up my is my growth plate on one
Mary Kastner: Officer.
mitchell umansky: Printing and I got
Mary Kastner: Off.
mitchell umansky: Or recently right my shoulder as well.
Mary Kastner: Okay, from and I will put that into medical history motor vehicle accident and skateboarding accidents.
Mary Kastner: Causing traumatic bold in nerve injuries.
Mary Kastner: In then in a write up, make sure you say he has been dipping depends or die as opinion dependency to stimulate dependence by history. I guess that would be severe for about them in currently in New
Mary Kastner: Remission if he is able to continue his residential treatment.
Mary Kastner: In the mental status exam I would write that you are on time, you were very attentive good eye contact you wearing glasses. You have your expanders, and you've got stocking cap on and baseball. Sure.
Mary Kastner: Cooperative with the interview able to get into the shower baby YOURSELF. YOURSELF. Is that correct,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I mean,
Mary Kastner: You know, today's date.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, all right, fully oriented mood is anxious and depressed know psychotic symptoms can you focus and concentrate pretty well.
mitchell umansky: No, I'm kind of scattered range, you know, I mean, I'm still kind of getting there for a while.
Mary Kastner: Okay, because of the drug use in house, your memory.
mitchell umansky: It's a same thing
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay and insight in judgment adequate in light of his current situation.
Mary Kastner: So the plan is to continue with residential treatment continue in the bright heart health.
Mary Kastner: Substance abuse program and continue to serve quality at bedtime in the gap up into 400 to it.
Mary Kastner: If you need to see me again I am available, but I'm going to consider that your doctor.
Mary Kastner: captors patient you'll continue in the VHS he
Mary Kastner: Sets up his program with him. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay, anything you need anything else you need for me.
mitchell umansky: Um, do you think you could also facts I did the release form BECAUSE YOU FAX us also which you like the rehab ON THAT WHAT YOU FAX the
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'll ask them to send my note to the insurance and to you at the residential program.
Mary Kastner: Just
mitchell umansky: So I can show the director, we can just see you know what chances we gone
Really
Mary Kastner: Well keep hanging in there, you're, you're taking the right steps in, as you said you reach the end of the line, you know, make sure you won't have insurance. So let's make this work. Yeah, and continue and community programs for
Mary Kastner: Four in a probably
mitchell umansky: And I faxed you guys the denial. Also, so if you want to check it out. Just so like
mitchell umansky: You can see exactly what you gotta you know
Mary Kastner: Put in there. Yeah.
mitchell umansky: Other doctors try but like I don't know. There was something insufficient, but just check it out.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I will do that in Gabby, I will let you know if there's something we need to add to this. No. Okay. Mitchell, you've been very cooperative, I wish you the best to
mitchell umansky: Take
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
Galaxy A50: Hi.
Hi.
Mary Kastner: Long time no see.
Galaxy A50: Long time quarantined.
Mary Kastner: I know you thought you knew about that. What
Galaxy A50: They said she stuck on a boat I because I'm upon these things sounds like that's the only boat that stuck anywhere.
Mary Kastner: I felt so guilty because I had a ton of patients, you know that had been waiting, you know, and I was going to be so busy seeing. And then I was like in this tiny room.
Mary Kastner: On the ship and you know I'm I couldn't get on the line, even with my iPad, because it you know confidentiality and other people in the room with me so
Mary Kastner: I
Mary Kastner: Gave
Mary Kastner: In and I said, You know, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. But you can have to reschedule. You know, all these patients.
Galaxy A50: I'm sorry, somebody started calling me and it muted you. So
Galaxy A50: part again.
Galaxy A50: You said it out and then what
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I just waited until Sunday to, you know, let the front desk know you know that I just couldn't
Mary Kastner: See you see those patients on the Monday that I had them scheduled and I was so apologetic. But anyway, I mean quarantine. And since there's not much I can do, you know, I said, Just fill me up with patients. So I've been seeing patients last week in this week and I'm bringing
Mary Kastner: Pardon me.
Galaxy A50: Are you still on the boat.
Mary Kastner: No worries. Travis Air Force Base in quarantine.
And
Mary Kastner: Tomorrow will be released, we will have done our duty to God and country because we will get the free and clear from CDC that we completed our quarantine of 14 days so
Mary Kastner: Oh my god, that's what I said, Oh my God, yeah. Yeah, it was a pain in the
Mary Kastner: Butt. What can I say yes.
Mary Kastner: So what's going on for you. Did you get your child back yourself, son.
Galaxy A50: The whole
Galaxy A50: Hell no, it got even it got worse now. Now, what kind of mom would ask his son. I mean, the judge for the sun to be returned into this coronavirus mess.
Mary Kastner: Oh yeah, that's true.
Galaxy A50: 11 cases over here alone in San Diego, we have two to 30 they have 11 in the entire state.
Mary Kastner: Where is he now what state.
Galaxy A50: But fuck Idaho.
Mary Kastner: Oh yeah. Well, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, because nobody freakin visits and nobody wants to even coronavirus doesn't want to go there.
Mary Kastner: And what's going on with you legally as far as working everything
Galaxy A50: Well, I don't remember the last time we saw each other. Do you have that written down somewhere.
Mary Kastner: Not with me. I do at home but
Mary Kastner: I would say
Galaxy A50: That nothing new.
Galaxy A50: on the 19th of February is when we had our last of court hearing, the judge was very impressed with me.
Galaxy A50: I mean, it was obvious because he was looking at me. And the thing is, unkind. I think what he took as lack of anxiety.
Galaxy A50: Was actually that two things. There was a little less anxiety because I finally realized that, well, I realized that I finally have a good attorney.
Galaxy A50: And that's never been the case. So as soon as she started speaking I realized I didn't have to do anybody's job for them.
Galaxy A50: So that made me feel a lot better. But also, in a way, I was so beaten down that I didn't even have the energy to be anxious anymore.
Galaxy A50: I was just like, I'm at this guy's mercy. But whatever reason he was in a very good mood. He even like joked, a little bit. And he was really annoyed at my ex husband, which was beautiful. So he functions as one of San Diego smokes like
Galaxy A50: Cherished drug court judges, so unfortunately deal. Well, I guess it depends on how you look at it, so he's very anti supposedly drug alcohol, blah, blah, blah. I mean, why I'm being frickin hounded over marijuana but still
Galaxy A50: He didn't know about your program and for him to not know about a program. It's almost like like the way other other side was portraying it was. It's a program. You don't even know about judge. That's how like insignificant to this.
Galaxy A50: And luckily he wasn't buying into the bullshit.
Galaxy A50: And us like I just want to know more about bright heart. My next hearing us April.
Galaxy A50: 14 if we all live by April 14 supposedly I might be able to see him.
Galaxy A50: But courts are not scheduled to open until April six, and they closed like about march 20 so we don't actually know if they're going to start going from
Galaxy A50: Like if they were to open on the sixth if they're going to go from six on and then incorporate other cases, or if they're going to start from the day they stopped and then grow could go chronologically.
Mary Kastner: So, okay, well,
Mary Kastner: If he has some time in maybe since the courts closed. He can actually look up right heart on the computer and
Galaxy A50: He is. Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Because, you know, Dr. Khan is on there. He is the nation's expertise, our medical director and he testified in front of Congress on our website. So we are growing exponentially. We get putting
Mary Kastner: A new practitioners and even the President has encouraged the country to start using Telehealth.
Mary Kastner: Well, right.
Galaxy A50: Now I'm better off than anybody else because you can only see people virtually know
Mary Kastner: That. Exactly. I had to see my providers virtually this week so because when you know I had three very hard to get specialist appointments while I'm in quarantine is I don't believe this. So anyway, so how June without the marijuana
Galaxy A50: Well, uh, not bad, because my god life. I don't know what it is. I'm like drama magnet. But let me just finish one more thing. So unfortunately there was up a conference like a like a family mediation meeting and my ex husband appear telephonically, of course.
Galaxy A50: And I don't know what it was. I don't feel like did well.
Galaxy A50: My attorney wasn't there, which made me feel a little naked and then my assessment instantly started saying mean shit and I have to be able to control myself I'm doing fine without now wanna I am more
Galaxy A50: Not doing well because of nothing to do
Galaxy A50: And I don't know if you know with this le to remember you prescribed me latitude and you said, I'm leaving on my trip on Friday.
Galaxy A50: Right before so I only actually was able to get it last week and I started on Wednesday. And I don't know, I guess I'm fine. So I don't really. I don't have any side effects or anything. So I'm going to assume it's working. Okay.
Galaxy A50: But
Mary Kastner: My insurance.
Galaxy A50: For those longest
Galaxy A50: Time, something about lead to death, that there was no generic and there was no copay or no coverage. So for the first three weeks or so whatever that Friday was that was your last day from the day before then until last Wednesday, they were
Galaxy A50: Trying to charge me 1700 dollars.
Oh,
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, but then my insurance. All of a sudden, because the pharmacy made a request on my behalf and my insurance said yes, you can have it.
Galaxy A50: Edited would have been hundred and $45 copay but then I found some sort of greed coupon, which is another way that the pharmacy helped me I need to write them a Yelp review.
Galaxy A50: So they found me a coupon. And so it ended up being $15 and I was able to afford it. No problem. You show. I'm good.
Galaxy A50: I I have similar things happen, but I felt very uplifted karma was on my side.
Galaxy A50: Some people took advantage of me but karma. That's some pretty good. So, um, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Galaxy A50: I am now a self employed.
Mary Kastner: Oh,
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I got fired, right after. Will you
Mary Kastner: When did you yeah yeah I knew about that. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: Yes. Okay, so I went ahead and open my own
Galaxy A50: But during that time. Oh, so if you know about that, then you know how the wife got. I don't know if you remember, so I don't know what the hell happened, but my boss's wife, for some reason, apparently had a huge problem with me, which I had no idea.
Galaxy A50: My boss, of course, tried to play into His family situation, got rid of me and through a bunch of money into promoting her business. And then I'm in her
Galaxy A50: In her Yelp, add it actually list services that we can provide no problem. So why the hell. She is the only one doing it, you know, because if we're doing it, then it's spawn money. But if it's PR doing it. He doesn't have to share with anybody.
Galaxy A50: I got really upset when I saw that and I contacted every single one of my clients, even
Mary Kastner: Close a case.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you told me that. Yeah, yeah.
Galaxy A50: No I didn't, because it just started happening.
Mary Kastner: Oh, so what were you seeing
Galaxy A50: Oh, I opened my own so right. I think I was telling you that they're reaching out to me and I'm not responding. But after that, not only did I respond to everybody. I also just went ahead and contacted every single one in every way possible.
Galaxy A50: Even those that have discontinued, for whatever reason, like let's say they moved away. I was like, hey, if you come back just to remember I'm not there. Go over here.
Galaxy A50: I got a really cute place with a very nice landlord. I only got to see five clients before everything went to a screeching halt. But I'm very optimistic also because up since what happened. I guess I'm better off than most people. Because I'm getting unemployment as well.
Mary Kastner: Oh, good.
Galaxy A50: I'm so glad he fired me he
Galaxy A50: One of the clients asked me, she's like my next payment schedule because I guess her payment is supposed to be skipped for November of
Galaxy A50: April. She's like my next payment is scheduled for like may 17 do you think he'll open by them and I said, from what I know about him if he's not opened by May 17 he's not opening
Galaxy A50: Hmm. The way I see it, he, he was so hanging by a thread and for him to try and cut off the arm that he didn't
Galaxy A50: He, he's paying for it dearly. So yeah, to answer your question without marijuana. I am a basking in a little bit of evil glory but
Mary Kastner: So I would say your mood is not depressed.
Galaxy A50: No, but I never get depressed.
Mary Kastner: And anxious. How would you rate.
Galaxy A50: A DAD go dad goes back and forth.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Galaxy A50: Not like like this kind of anxious
Galaxy A50: Like
Galaxy A50: I think I've been good, I think.
Galaxy A50: Okay, anxious, was I guess when I saw one of my clients, was it last week.
Galaxy A50: It was like early last no yeah like early last week, I want to say like Monday or two. Oh yeah, it was like Monday, I don't know what it was, but I just felt really uneasy.
Galaxy A50: I'm also, you know, do a good service and get used to the surroundings and stuff.
Galaxy A50: At the new place.
Galaxy A50: Last Tuesday I got. But see I don't consider that depressed to me. Depression is more like a general like a blah, like, you know, in those commercials when they hold that little on smiley face.
Galaxy A50: Mm hmm. I get sad, sad is different to me because sad, I feel like it has no atrophy. It's more aware of so left. I was trying to explain this to Shawn. So I have two sets of emotions last Tuesday and last Thursday.
Galaxy A50: On Tuesday, I got really sad because I woke up I it's like the way I wake up.
Galaxy A50: I woke up with this really sad feeling that this entire time, all I was making was $16 an hour. There's servers to make more money than me.
Galaxy A50: And I just, I was like, I cannot believe this men for two over two years now thought that $16 an hour is all that I'm worth and have the nerve to tell me that he's actually going to be, I'm going to be making less, but I'm going to have way more duties now.
Mary Kastner: What
Galaxy A50: Kind of person and then by Thursday, like I was trying to explain this to Sean. She didn't get it at first by Thursday I had the same exact thought but a different point of view, I was like, I can't believe that motherfucker thought I was gonna keep working for him.
Galaxy A50: So I wasn't. But it's the same thing. It's just, I don't know how my brain does it
Galaxy A50: I didn't do it on purpose. I just somehow was looking at it from a different window.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. And are you sleeping. Okay.
Galaxy A50: Um, yes. I hate this not doing shit thing because then I wake up whenever and I go to bed, whenever
Galaxy A50: But yeah, I've been so so here's the thing. The reason why I did really kind of bad at the mediation was because it was kind of far because that back then I used to live there. It's like 45 minutes away. And, you know, oh my phone is, I'm sorry.
Galaxy A50: Can you hear me.
Mary Kastner: Yes, uh huh. Yes.
Galaxy A50: You get muted. Hold on.
Galaxy A50: Say something.
Galaxy A50: Hello. Hello.
Galaxy A50: So every time. PHONE RINGS I guess I never knew this, and I press decline. You stay muted. So I have to like manually unmute you. So I, um,
Galaxy A50: I slept at somebody else's house because I no longer live anywhere near there and this is back when you know rush hour traffic in the morning.
Galaxy A50: So I didn't sleep well at all. And I had a very strange dream and I usually don't remember my dreams unless they're like oh Minish I guess so. I woke up in this mood. Like, not even moved. I was just like, I mean, things were going to not go well.
Galaxy A50: And I remember my dreams very well, but it was the only time
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, but last night. How many hours did you
Sleep.
Galaxy A50: At least six and a half.
Mary Kastner: were wonderful. Okay. And you're eating. Okay.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, oh my god, I woke up so hungry today. I don't even know why. Yeah, I'm eating as far as that's going is fine. It's just, of course, not as much exercise right now. Okay.
Mary Kastner: You know, you can go out and walk. You just have to
Mary Kastner: Eat somebody and you know there's some exercise videos on TV or on the on the computer, right. It's not the same. But, you know, you're going to have to make do. I'm color.
Mary Kastner: You want to leave that I would. This is the last thing I'd ever have interested in, but I'm coloring, you know, reading novels.
Mary Kastner: You know, watching a lot of TV. I guess in movies, but what else can I do
Mary Kastner: And, you know, what about
Mary Kastner: You yeah scrubbing cleaning. But, you know, humor.
Mary Kastner: It helps. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Why do people on next door. Do you know next door.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, is that a show.
Galaxy A50: No, it's an app. It's like Facebook but for neighbors.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Galaxy A50: People in your neighborhood.
Galaxy A50: So I originally. So I cleaned, not my own neighborhood here, but where my businesses as my neighborhood, because I wanted to advertise. But then I just ended up helping people because
Galaxy A50: Everybody's looking for something. So that's been kind of fun.
Mary Kastner: That's a really good idea. Yeah, I have to share that. So do you want to say on the to de
Galaxy A50: Yeah, well I mean of course i wanna i want to be as subtle as possible by the judge.
Mary Kastner: Yeah you doing well. Do you need any more. You just got it.
Mary Kastner: On your fine. Okay. Well, let us know. And I would say, you know, see me in a month.
Mary Kastner: And if if you need something between then, you know, don't hesitate to call to the front desk and set up something and you know we do have a mental health group on Sundays there, excuse me, Mondays at seven. If you want to join that you're welcome. It's other
Galaxy A50: On Monday, and it's like a group like the way we have group once a week.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Last night we had it.
Mary Kastner: We had a
Galaxy A50: Permanent or just through crisis.
Mary Kastner: No, no, it's permanent Rebecca Evans is our therapist. She's really good. I'm in there. Occasionally, and you call in at 645 and
Mary Kastner: They'll tell you what zoom room to go into and starts at seven. And, you know, last night we had a, you know, kind of a little mini
Mary Kastner: refresher on things you can do for yourself during the Copa
Mary Kastner: Crises
Galaxy A50: Know I literally was not doing anything yesterday at seven.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Yeah. And then we had a gentleman who'd been looking for ages for work and he got a job. So he was excited and
Mary Kastner: You know, another gentleman who wants to go off its way to, you know, to, kind of, what would you call is coping and they would please call caught him on a golf courses cinema. Oh my, I don't believe that you can't golf. You can't be on the golf course.
Know,
Mary Kastner: Anyway, so we
Galaxy A50: Didn't know what we had, we have this shelter in place here. And apparently a bunch of people all decided to go to the beach and police have to show up and start closing parking lots, just by mean what do you want to do. Like, what if everybody went golfing right
Mary Kastner: Now, yeah, that's true. And we, you know, in quarantine when we're out. We have to wear a mask because
Mary Kastner: Yeah we walk in, if we went across each other, you know, we want to talk mastodon
Mary Kastner: That's about all we can do it. I suppose like
Mary Kastner: Y'all cynics
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Well, thank you.
Mary Kastner: Where are we
Galaxy A50: I know I felt like if I were you, I would need psychiatric help, not the other way around.
Mary Kastner: Well, I kind of got that way at the end of the quarantine on ship, you know, six days without fresh air with yeah
Mary Kastner: That was, that was too much, but
Mary Kastner: I have a daughter with me. She has an amazing sense of humor and you know we played a lot of cards and
Galaxy A50: Oh, you work with your daughter.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, daughter and her husband in the ship gave us activities, you know, little canvas bag I sewed probably 500 buttons on this canvas bag you know make silly things
Mary Kastner: But get
Mary Kastner: Finished three books so
Galaxy A50: Oh my god.
Mary Kastner: I know
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I'll see you in about a month and before that in group is if you want. I think I told Rebecca. I've been in there and 13 but she's holding it every week.
Galaxy A50: So what do I do. Do you want me to rebook for a specific date or just say
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah, just in a month and then I'm going to tell them to enroll you also in the group program.
Galaxy A50: Okay, just
Galaxy A50: Court is contacting break hard but they're just going for Shawn Shawn's like my
Mary Kastner: Christmas. No.
Galaxy A50: But just FYI, in case they start digging deeper just to keep it clean up.
Mary Kastner: Yeah yeah you know you're on a mood stabilizer. It's actually like I told you before,
Mary Kastner: A major tranquilizer to help you with your anxiety, you know, over
Mary Kastner: Stuff. It's a major tranquilizer. Yes.
Lord
Galaxy A50: Okay.
Well, yeah.
Mary Kastner: It's in the classes and I psychotics in my mood stabilizers and major tranquilizers. Now I'm not giving it to you for
Mary Kastner: That stabilization or four cycles and giving it to you because it's not injecting really kind of helps you with the anxiety.
Galaxy A50: I'm not good with downers but it's okay.
Mary Kastner: It was incredibly safe and
Mary Kastner: You know, you can get on and off it as you want. So
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'm glad you tried it. I think you better today than last time I saw you, but I don't think it's all the medicine. I think it's situational as well.
Galaxy A50: Oh yeah, I'm
Galaxy A50: Lori.
Galaxy A50: Spear. Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay Gina, nice to see you again.
Galaxy A50: Thank you. I'm glad you're alive. See
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm gonna let Jamie Brock in
Mary Kastner: We are going like crazy today he's here, but I don't see him yet.
Mary Kastner: Crop Goldberg is his name. He said 33 year old ballasts add alive did an ancient
Mary Kastner: Okay, here he is.
Mary Kastner: You are Brock
Brock Goldberg: Yes, I am. Brock
Mary Kastner: Is that sort of like what's the name of that tree.
Brock Goldberg: You're talking about
Mary Kastner: You know, what's his name.
Mary Kastner: Oh, something of the universe. You know that that
Brock Goldberg: Yeah I do, I do, I do, I do, or
Brock Goldberg: Whatever, but I know you're talking about
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Are you doing today. Good. And Mary Kastner I'm a nurse practitioner psychiatry, it looks like Dr. Angela did an intake on 316 and I'm here like follow up from that. So he said that you have a degenerative disc and fibromyalgia. Good. You didn't have any pain.
Brock Goldberg: I have a tons of time.
Mary Kastner: That I thought that was weird. So
Mary Kastner: What's your
Pain today.
Brock Goldberg: It's not that bad. Today, I'd probably say like a three out of 10 but most days, it's probably five to six and it fluctuates mornings tend to be the hardest once I get my body moving on and I take my medication, then I start to feel better and then towards the end of the day it's
Brock Goldberg: A hit or miss.
I am
Brock Goldberg: I
Brock Goldberg: am good. There we go. There we go.
Mary Kastner: That brings in
Brock Goldberg: There we go, there we go.
Mary Kastner: No, he's got you on Dr Nasser said so he texts.
Mary Kastner: Yeah 12 milligrams and Lyrica for 50
Brock Goldberg: Yep. And I take Adderall.
Mary Kastner: And okay Adderall 20 to 40 a day.
Mary Kastner: Yes, and you're seeing a psychiatrist for that.
Brock Goldberg: Yes, yes I am.
Brock Goldberg: Sorry continue
Go ahead.
Brock Goldberg: And I was speaking with bright heart health, trying to kind of consolidate all of my medication in one place, instead of having to go to this doctor to that doctor
Brock Goldberg: And so they were looking into that for me as well.
Brock Goldberg: We can
Mary Kastner: Do that we can do.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Thank you, and then you had a history of
Mary Kastner: Substance abuse opioids alcohol and marijuana
Brock Goldberg: When, when I was so I had a I had a good conversation with the doctor last time, and it was
Brock Goldberg: After my father passed away when I was 17 years old times are hard. It was really hard for me to just, you know, deal with it. So what did I do
Brock Goldberg: I partied, you know, and maybe I partied a little bit harder than most people. Um, but I was just trying to hide everything that was going on inside and that lasted for a few years.
Brock Goldberg: But now, for the past decade, my whole life's been completely different and especially
Brock Goldberg: Now that I know that
Brock Goldberg: What my pain comes from and being able to you know control it and just kind of live a life. So it's more of a story than just, you know, I, I took a lot of drugs to do this together and everyone has a story. Um, but it was a short window of time for me that I was just masking my feelings.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Brock Goldberg: I didn't realize also that I had fibromyalgia, so
Brock Goldberg: It was definitely a challenge, back then, but
Brock Goldberg: Yeah, that's completely different that's
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. So he sent you here for a psych eval side. Correct.
Brock Goldberg: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Correct. Okay. Okay. So do you have any psychiatric symptoms, what we call target symptoms.
Brock Goldberg: Um, no. I mean, I think I get happy when I get happy I get sad when I get sad and you're going to get angry.
Brock Goldberg: Anxious paid interest.
Mary Kastner: You what we call you find it.
Mary Kastner: Normal made, um, how's your sleep.
Brock Goldberg: It's good, I would like to get a little bit more, but because I'm so focused on work. Um, it probably could get a couple more hours of sleep, but I get six to seven. I tried to like to get seven to eight but I get six to seven every night.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what kind of work do you do
Brock Goldberg: I'm a, I'm the vice president of a company called Virgo styling tools we make high end professional hair styling tools. Do I have anything behind me. No, no.
Brock Goldberg: I can grab someone show you my office right now, but it's in the warehouse. So yeah, we redesigned professional hair styling tools round brushes blow dryers flat irons, things of that nature.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And so you think the six to seven is on interrupted sleep where you can get to bed fall asleep readily
Mary Kastner: Yes, yes, and not wake up to her.
Brock Goldberg: Of course, yeah. Yeah, I would like to get seven to eight but you know I do get six to seven every single
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how's your appetite.
Brock Goldberg: It's good, it's good. I am I eat really clean. I work out, um, you know, four to five days a week. I run
Brock Goldberg: I tried to really take care of my body because of my pre existing conditions.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good. And do you ever get panic anxiety.
Brock Goldberg: Oh, gotta get that
Mary Kastner: No, I'm gonna let my family get it.
Brock Goldberg: It's alright, it's other big deal.
Brock Goldberg: Yeah um yeah i mean i think i get anxious when the time calls for it, but I'm able to control it.
Mary Kastner: So you don't get any panic attacks.
Brock Goldberg: No, no, I've never had open. Okay. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you have to order things in a Certain Way, you know, have your clothes, just so the things in your drawers in the kitchen, just so
Mary Kastner: I walk a different way on the street or the sidewalk or counter
Mary Kastner: No.
Brock Goldberg: Oh, no, no. I have systems in my life.
Um,
Brock Goldberg: But, but nothing nothing crazy
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You ever get intrusive thoughts, where, you know, you just assume keep these away and they just kind of keep coming in your head.
Brock Goldberg: No, not at all.
Mary Kastner: Ever see ever hear or see things
Mary Kastner: You
Mary Kastner: Know over here. Okay, think that TV has special messages, people can read your mind.
Brock Goldberg: No, no.
Brock Goldberg: No.
Brock Goldberg: Okay, when I feel bad for them but
Mary Kastner: You know, kind of paranoia.
Mary Kastner: Know,
Brock Goldberg: Okay, I had nothing more than a you know the average person, I think.
Mary Kastner: Okay, no dissociation.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And no substance use it this time.
Brock Goldberg: No, no.
Mary Kastner: No alcohol, marijuana, how about caffeine.
Brock Goldberg: I'm pretty good. I used to drink a cup of coffee a day. But now I'm drinking more than anything.
Mary Kastner: What is that
Brock Goldberg: It's a probiotic tea. It's like a. It's called kombucha it's a tea. It's good for your stomach. It tastes well natural probiotics in it. I
Mary Kastner: Love it. Okay. In the nicotine.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, in no alcohol.
Mary Kastner: Okay ever lost weight without trying
Mary Kastner: No Gain too much.
Mary Kastner: In a short period of time made yourself vomit or
Benji.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So what I'm seeing here is no psychiatric you we go down the, what we call the review system for psychiatry, I see no mood disorder, I see no psycho sees no panic.
Mary Kastner: How about trauma, you know, like you were suffering from intrusive thoughts from a past trauma or try to avoid things that remind you that
Brock Goldberg: No, I go to therapy once a week every single Friday and I love my therapist and he's really helped me figure out a lot of things in my life like reasons why this happened or that happened, and it's it's
Brock Goldberg: Been a life. It's been huge for me and I've been doing that for a long time before I even started seeing bright heart. Oh.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so no PTSD symptoms, no sleep symptoms.
Mary Kastner: Sleep Disorder symptoms. No eating disorder symptoms.
Mary Kastner: In know dissociative kind of events and no substance abuse. So we have cleared the deck.
Brock Goldberg: There we go.
Mary Kastner: We have cleared the deck, other than a medical issue fibromyalgia degenerative disc disease. Do you have any medical issues heart racing, yo. With me is angina frequent by Congress, pneumonia, hepatitis stomach ulcers constipation trouble breathing. I see you wear glasses.
Brock Goldberg: Yeah, wear glasses have for a long time.
Mary Kastner: Visions. Okay. Hearing. So Katie. Okay.
Brock Goldberg: Yeah, the last time you saw Dennis.
Brock Goldberg: Last year last year, I gotta go. This year, but
Brock Goldberg: Okay, I go once here.
Mary Kastner: Have you had a broken bones any skin and muscle problems.
Brock Goldberg: Not and the reason, not in forever. I
Mary Kastner: Know any tension problems we have trouble focusing concentration
Brock Goldberg: Yeah, that's, that's why. Yeah. That's why I take the ad that's where I take out or on definitely, yeah. Yeah, my whole life.
Mary Kastner: Oh, OK. OK, and so we need to prescribe that for you. Well, when you're like, you're, you're okay. And you're on how much right now.
Brock Goldberg: I take 40 milligrams
Mary Kastner: Again is a regular release.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. And how many do you have left.
Brock Goldberg: Um, I've got like a few days left
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay, so we can order that for you. I don't know. I think you're going to stay with Dr analog for your
Mary Kastner: Yes savvy texts in your pain and go to his pain program.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how about memory issues.
Brock Goldberg: None. I mean, I'm pretty on top of it. I have to be because of being in a high intensity job.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, okay, good. And any suicidal thoughts on the side on thoughts and make an attempt
Mary Kastner: Never. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And your
Mary Kastner: Your father died somewhat
Brock Goldberg: massive heart attack at the age of 51 sucks, but, um, he didn't take care of himself, he drink you smoked he he did a whatever you wanted did a lot of drugs. Back in the 80s and 90s and just just really didn't take care of themselves and it caught up to him.
Mary Kastner: Mother alive and well.
Brock Goldberg: My mom is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
Brock Goldberg: Yeah, so my I've a 28 year old sister who lives in my guest house. My wife and I have a home with a guest house so she lives in the guest house in the back and then my brother. He lives in Savannah, Georgia just had twins.
Brock Goldberg: So he's doing good. So you have two siblings.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you evidently your relationship is good.
Brock Goldberg: Oh, yes, yes.
Mary Kastner: How about with your wife relationship but
Brock Goldberg: YEAH, YEAH. WE'RE GOING ON OUR 17th year together. Yeah, well,
You
Brock Goldberg: Know. Not yet. Not yet. We're. Um, we're very like goal oriented and so she's a union makeup artist and she's been doing amazing. And so we're doing another two years. So when she is 33 years old, that is when we will start having our first kid.
Mary Kastner: And where do you live, I
Brock Goldberg: Live in Los Angeles, California.
Mary Kastner: I thought you were gonna say that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that's good place to be a union makeup artist.
Brock Goldberg: Yes. Yeah, it's incredible for her.
Brock Goldberg: It's great.
Mary Kastner: And you have social relationships. You can tell me trouble making friends and have social anxiety or fears.
Mary Kastner: No particular phobias. Okay, okay. Don't be
Brock Goldberg: Present in front of thousands of people all the time.
Mary Kastner: Oh, great. Good.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, any, any surgeries.
Brock Goldberg: Um, no. Not at all. I've had colonoscopy and endoscopy reassignment surgery procedure.
Mary Kastner: Because you had stomach issues or what
Brock Goldberg: Guy in the past when I was younger. Huh.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okey dokey. So diagnoses.
Mary Kastner: Know psychiatric diagnoses, other than the ADHD. The plan is to continue into pain program for yourself you text and for, I guess, the diagnosis would be add in fibromyalgia so well and
Mary Kastner: For us to continue the Adderall 40 milligrams right here. These QAM, so I'll get that sent in what of pharmacy. Do you like to go to
Brock Goldberg: It's going to be Ralph's pharmacy and it should be on the record, but it's in Stevenson's ranch.
Brock Goldberg: Okay, the contact number
Mary Kastner: I need to zip code.
Brock Goldberg: Oh, it's nine
Brock Goldberg: Let me just make sure. Give me one second.
Brock Goldberg: Row.
Brock Goldberg: Crew.
Brock Goldberg: 91381
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any medical problems today runny nose.
Mary Kastner: No time breathing anything. Okay. Okey dokey.
Brock Goldberg: Thank you so much. I really appreciate it.
Mary Kastner: Are we talking about rouse you know like in Prairie Home Companion rails pretty good groceries.
Brock Goldberg: Yes. Yeah, okay. I'm saying it right. Okay. Okay.
Brock Goldberg: Much
Mary Kastner: Okay, great to meet
Brock Goldberg: Our wonderful day.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and you know, I don't know if you are interested that we have mental health group on Mondays at seven. You're welcome to attend.
Mary Kastner: Um, I cannot give you more than one month at a time because scheduled to
Mary Kastner: So, um, you know, you want to see me every month. Want to see me every other month or whatever, you know,
Mary Kastner: Whatever you but we will feel it every month. Okay.
Brock Goldberg: Okay.
Brock Goldberg: All right, thank you so much. I really appreciate your time. I look forward to seeing you again in a month.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Take care. Bye bye.
Bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm done for today what I'm going to do is look at this
Mary Kastner: Think it was Mitchell.
Mary Kastner: Sent us some kind of denial letter. If there's something I need to put into this note because of what I read in that I'll let you know the other thing I wanted to say is that, as far as appearance froch was heavily tattooed on his arms and hands had a
Mary Kastner: nose ring.
Mary Kastner: Had a hoodie but sale long ish upper hit a top of his head had
Mary Kastner: In in as far as Dena for me to say her your sentence. She had a renter Rhea with actually one of the plane nostrils and a cough and she had
Mary Kastner: Different colored will very long nails and appears tongue.
Mary Kastner: So I think we're done for today.
Mary Kastner: Remember what Alexander Mirza like that comes to me. I didn't know that you send it to me. Okay, thank you so much. Bye bye.